feat(curriculum): add question set 2 for forms and table quiz (#58814)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/25-front-end-development/quiz-html-tables-and-forms/66ed902df45ce3ece4053ebc.md

`caption`

### --question--

#### --text--

What is the role of the `legend` element?

#### --distractors--

It is used to group the body content in an HTML table.

---

It is used to add a caption to describe the cells for a table.

---

It is used to group related inputs together.

#### --answer--

It is used to add a caption to describe the group of inputs.

### --question--

#### --text--

Which of the following elements is used to group the header content in an HTML table?

#### --distractors--

`header`

---

`head`

---

`theader`

#### --answer--

`thead`

### --question--

#### --text--

Which of the following is the correct way to add rows and data cells to a table?

#### --distractors--

```html
<table>
  <tr>
    <data>Davis</data>
    <data>Alex</data>
    <data>54</data>
  </tr>
</table>
```

---

```html
<table>
  <tr>
    <cell>Davis</cell>
    <cell>Alex</cell>
    <cell>54</cell>
  </tr>
</table>
```

---

```html
<table>
  <row>
    <td>Davis</td>
    <td>Alex</td>
    <td>54</td>
  </row>
</table>
```

#### --answer--

```html
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Davis</td>
    <td>Alex</td>
    <td>54</td>
  </tr>
</table>
```

### --question--

#### --text--

> What is the DOM inspector used for?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
What is the DOM inspector?
```

#### --distractors--

A tool that is used to remove all elements from the DOM.

---

A set of tools built directly into the browser that helps you debug, profile, and analyze web pages.

---

A tool that checks the syntax of HTML code to ensure it is valid.

#### --answer--

A tool that allows you to inspect and modify the HTML structure of a web page.

### --question--

#### --text--

> Which of the follow is a tool that checks the syntax of HTML code to ensure it is valid?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Which of the following is a tool that checks the syntax of HTML code to ensure it is valid?
```

#### --distractors--

> HTML validate.
> 
> ---
> 
> HTML isValid.
> 
> ---
> 
> HTML valid.
> 
> #### --answer--
> 
> HTML validator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
HTML validate

---

HTML isValid

---

HTML valid

#### --answer--

HTML validator
```

Author: we decided to add periods for multiple word answers

Reviewer: I think we are using periods for sentences. In my opinion, adding periods here is a bit weird.

### --question--

#### --text--

Which of the following is the correct way to specify the number of columns for data cell in a table?

#### --distractors--

```html
<td columns="2">Average Grade</td>
```

---

```html
<td col="2">Average Grade</td>
```

---

```html
<td column="2">Average Grade</td>
```

#### --answer--

```html
<td colspan="2">Average Grade</td>
```

### --question--

#### --text--

> What does it mean for an input to be in a focused state?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
What is a focused state for an input field?
```
The options seem to answer to that.
